Update documentation (#1213)
octobox/octobox: README.md

## Requirements

> [Web notifications](https://github.com/settings/notifications) must be enabled in your GitHub settings for Octobox to work. To receive vulnerability notifications you must enable these also. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Web notifications](https://github.com/settings/notifications) must be enabled in your GitHub settings for Octobox to work. To receive vulnerability notifications, you must enable them as well.
```

> <img width="739" alt="screenshot 2018-11-12 at 14 32 38" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/158833/48353900-6046e600-e688-11e8-9325-eaaa30f4190e.png">

Reviewer 2: Can we put this image in the repo so it works offline too?

Author: not sure whether #c918988 is what's intended 💁‍♂️

[Web notifications](https://github.com/settings/notifications) must be enabled in your GitHub settings for Octobox to work. To receive vulnerability notifications, you must enable them as well.

> <img width="739" alt="screenshot 2018-11-12 at 14 32 38" src="/docs/assets/48353900-6046e600-e688-11e8-9325-eaaa30f4190e.png">

Reviewer 2: Can we use a more descriptive filename? 😉
